Add docker instructions to dev-env.adoc (#238)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/microservices-tutorial/pages/dev-env.adoc

3. open the `shopping-cart-service/build.sbt` from __File > Open__.
4. select __Open as project__

> == grpcurl

Author: moved down, to after starting the server

[#docker]

> This tutorial makes used of Cassandra and Kafka. You may use local installations during development, but we recommend run both servers using https://docs.docker.com[Docker]. The template project includes a https://docs.docker.com/compose/[Docker Compose] file on its root you can use to bootstrap Cassandra, Kafka and Zookeeper (the latter required by the Kafka server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses Cassandra and Kafka. You may run local installations during development, but we recommend running both services using https://docs.docker.com[Docker]. The template project includes a https://docs.docker.com/compose/[Docker Compose] file on its root you can use to run Cassandra and Kafka. The provided Docker Compose file also runs Zookeeper which is required to run a Kafka broker.
```

Reviewer: Ths links to docker and docker-compose are valid asciidoc syntax but don't adhere to the style required for external links:

    https://some-domain.org/foo[Link text] https://some-domain.org/foo[{tab-icon}, window="tab"]

> This tutorial uses Cassandra and Kafka. You may run local installations during development, but we recommend running both services using https://docs.docker.com[Docker]. The template project includes a https://docs.docker.com/compose/[Docker Compose] file on its root you can use to run Cassandra and Kafka. The provided Docker Compose file also runs Zookeeper which is required to run a Kafka broker.

Author: note to self: change the links to open on another tag

Reviewer: @octonato I'll do that and push to your branch.

> After installing `docker` and `docker-compose`, you can run the following command at the root of the project.

Reviewer: It'd be good to link to the installation instructions of both docker and docker-compose here.

> After installing `docker` and `docker-compose`, you can run the following command at the root of the project.

Reviewer: > [...] you can run the following command at the root of the project

I can run that command, but why? ;-)

PS. also, when introducing a snippet, especially if using the word "following" prefer ending the sentence with a colon `:`.

Author: What do you mean why? Do you think we should explain why docker is a good idea?

I would rather not explain everything. If we say that we recommend something and provide the links, and users have no idea what is that, they can ignore the recommendation or research, no?

Otherwise we will add to much information in our guide. Most people are not already familiar with docker and will understand why we recommend it.

Reviewer: I meant that the following sentence may be a bit more understandable:

```
After installing `docker` and `docker-compose`, use the following command at the root of the project to start Cassandra and Kafka:  
```

What I meant with `but why?` is that we either assume they know nothing and explain everything in detail or we assume they are familiar with docker/docker-compose and don't even bother detailing the command.

> After installing `docker` and `docker-compose`, you can run the following command at the root of the project.

Author: ```suggestion
After installing `docker` and `docker-compose`, you can run the following command at the root of the project:
```

// tag::docker[]
----
docker-compose up -d
----

> Create the Cassandra keyspace and tables with:

Reviewer: Users that preferred _not_ using docker compose, may not see this as a required step.

IMHO, creating the tables in the DB should not be under the `== Docker and Docker Compose` section but a  dedicated one, instead.

Author: This is still a required step for them. We want to add this here because we want to show how to load it in docker. 

If a user prefers to run Cassandra and Kafka locally, they are on their own. I would assume that they are comfortable enough to see `ddl-scripts/create_tables.cql` and understand that they should pass it to cqlsh.

----
docker exec -i shopping-cart-service_cassandra_1 cqlsh -t < ddl-scripts/create_tables.cql
----

This CQL script is located inside the `ddl-scripts` at the root of the project. It will create the keyspace and all tables needed for Akka Persistence as well as the offset store table for Akka Projection.

[CAUTION]
====
* The keyspace as created by the script is probably not what you need in a production environment. This is good enough for local development though.
====

// tag::dockerImportant[]

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: Two kinds of admonitions as defined here https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#paragraphs

Reviewer: I also prefer the syntax:

```
[FOO]
=====
some text
====
```

for admonitions.

|===

> == grpcurl

Author: I changed the order here to follow the order during development.

* start docker
* run locally with sbt
* do some calls with grpcurl
